show multipart requests as running until they are finished or cancelled (#2907)
graphql/graphiql: .changeset/rich-humans-rescue.md

---
'@graphiql/react': minor
---

> Clearly separate between the fetching and subscription state for multipart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clearly separate the fetching and subscription states for multipart
```

Author: Improve changeset wording
